SOURCE FILE: TALABAT-HOLDING-ANNOUNCES-OFFER-PRICE-RANGE-AND-START-OF-SUBSCRIPTION-PERIOD.pdf
CATEGORY: 05_Regulatory_and_IPO
PAGE COUNT: 10
PDF METADATA: {"format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "", "author": "Shady Hamid", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae Word for Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae Word for Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20241119021413+04'00'", "modDate": "D:20241119021413+04'00'", "trapped": "", "encryption": null}


===== PAGE 1 =====

 
 
 
NOT FOR PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, CANADA, AUSTRALIA, 
SOUTH AFRICA OR JAPAN, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE 
PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. 
This announcement is not a prospectus and is not an offer of securities for sale or 
subscription in any jurisdiction, including in or into the United States of America, Canada, 
Australia, South Africa, Japan, or the United Arab Emirates (the “UAE”). 
Neither this announcement nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of, or be 
relied upon in connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever in any jurisdiction. 
Any offer to acquire shares pursuant to the potential offering will be made pursuant to, 
and any investor should make its investment decision solely on the basis of the 
information that is contained in, the international offering memorandum (the 
“International Offering Memorandum”) published by Talabat Holding plc in connection 
with the admission of its ordinary shares to trading on the Dubai Financial Market. 
The International Offering Memorandum is addressed only to certain qualified 
institutional investors located within certain jurisdictions and will be in compliance with 
the laws and regulations of such jurisdictions. The International Offering Memorandum 
has not been, and will not be, approved by the Securities and Commodities Authority of 
the UAE (the “SCA”) or any regulator in the UAE or elsewhere and the information 
contained in the International Offering Memorandum does not form part of any 
prospectus published in connection with an offering of shares in Talabat Holding plc to 
retail investors in the UAE (“UAE Prospectus”). The review of the International Offering 
Memorandum and any related advertisements does not fall under the SCA’s remit or 
jurisdiction. 
 
 


===== PAGE 2 =====

 
 
 
 
TALABAT HOLDING PLC ANNOUNCES OFFER PRICE RANGE AND 
START OF SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD FOR INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING  
Dubai, UAE, 19 November 2024: Talabat Holding plc (“talabat” or the “Company”), the leading 
on-demand online food ordering, delivery, takeaway, and groceries and convenience retail 
marketplace in the MENA region, today announces the price range for the sale of its shares (the 
“Shares”, each a “Share”) (the “Offer Price Range”) and the start of the subscription period for 
its initial public offering (“IPO” or the “Offering”) on Dubai Financial Market (“DFM”). 
KEY HIGHLIGHTS  
● The Offer Price Range has been set between AED 1.50 and AED 1.60 per Share, implying 
a market capitalisation at time of listing of between c. AED 34.93 billion (c. US$ 9.51 
billion) and c. AED 37.26 billion (c. US$ 10.15 billion).1  
● A total of 3,493,236,093 Shares will be made available in the Offering, representing 15% 
of the Company’s total issued share capital. 
● All Shares to be offered are existing shares held by the Company’s sole shareholder, 
Delivery Hero MENA Holding GmbH (the “Selling Shareholder”), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Delivery Hero SE (“Delivery Hero”), a public company listed on the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange. 
● Emirates NBD AM SPC acting on behalf of the UAE Strategic Investment Fund 5 SP (“UAE 
SIF”), Abu Dhabi Pension Fund (“ADPF”), and Emirates International Investment 
Company LLC (“EIIC”) will be cornerstone investors in the IPO with a total commitment 
of approximately AED 918 million (US$ 250 million). 
● The IPO subscription period starts today and closes on 27 November 2024 for UAE Retail 
Investors and on 28 November 2024 for Professional Investors. 
● The final offer price will be determined through a book building process and is expected 
to be announced on 29 November 2024. 
● Admission of the Shares for trading on DFM (“Admission”) is expected to take place on or 
around 10 December 2024.    
Tomaso Rodriguez, Chief Executive Officer of talabat, commented:  
“We are delighted to open subscriptions today for the talabat IPO on Dubai Financial Market 
(DFM) having seen strong local and international investor interest since announcing our intention 
to float. talabat was founded in the Middle East in 2004 and today we have over 65,000 
restaurants and grocery businesses across our eight MENA countries and over six million active 
customers using our platform.  
“Our well-defined growth strategy is focused on enhancing our product offering and increasing 
our market penetration, investing in our innovative FinTech and loyalty programmes, scaling our 
advertising offerings and exploring adjacent categories, which we believe presents an exciting 
 
1 The value of UAE dirhams has been pegged to a US dollar rate of AED 3.6725 per US$1 since 1997. All AED/US$ conversions included 
herein have been calculated at this rate. 


===== PAGE 3 =====

 
 
 
opportunity for investors. With the region also experiencing favourable socioeconomic 
conditions with a large and growing addressable market, we look forward to welcoming new 
shareholders to join us on our journey.” 
DETAILS OF THE OFFER PRICE RANGE 
The price range for the Offering has been set between AED 1.50 and AED 1.60 per share. The total 
Offering size is therefore expected to be between AED 5.24 billion (c.US$ 1.43 billion) and AED 
5.59 billion (c.US$ 1.52 billion), implying a market capitalisation at the time of listing of between 
c. AED 34.93 billion (c. US$ 9.51 billion) and c. AED 37.26 billion (c. US$ 10.15 billion). The final 
offer price is expected to be announced on 29 November 2024. 
A total of 3,493,236,093 Shares will be made available in the Offering, representing 15% of the 
Company’s total issued share capital. All Shares to be offered are existing shares held by the 
Selling Shareholder who reserves the right to amend the size of the Offering at any time prior to 
the end of the subscription period at its sole discretion, subject to applicable laws and the 
approval of the SCA. 
CORNERSTONE INVESTORS 
On 18 November 2024, the Selling Shareholder and the Company entered into cornerstone 
investment agreements with certain cornerstone investors (the “Cornerstone Investors”), 
including Emirates NBD AM SPC acting on behalf of the UAE Strategic Investment Fund 5 SP 
(“UAE SIF”), the Abu Dhabi Pension Fund (“ADPF”), and Emirates International Investment 
Company LLC (“EIIC”) which have committed to purchase shares in the Offering in amounts 
equal to approximately AED 514 million (US$ 140 million); approximately AED 220 million (US$ 
60 million); and  approximately AED 184 million (US$ 50 million), respectively.  Pursuant to the 
cornerstone investment agreements, each of the Cornerstone Investors has committed to 
purchase shares in the Qualified Investor Offering at the final offer price. In aggregate, the 
Cornerstone Investors have committed approximately AED 918 million (US$ 250 million) to the 
IPO, subject to the final offer price and based on the current offer size, with their respective 
shares subject to a 180-day lock-up arrangement following Admission. 
SUBSCRIPTION PROCESS 
The Offering will comprise:  
● A public offering (the “UAE Retail Offering”) to UAE Retail Investors and other investors in 
the UAE, including Eligible Employees of talabat (as defined in the UAE Prospectus and 
referred to as the “First Tranche”) and; 
● An offering to Professional Investors (as defined in the SCA Board of Directors’ Chairman 
Decision No.13/R.M of 2021 (as amended from time to time), as defined in the UAE 
Prospectus and referred to as the “Qualified Investors Offering” or the “Second 
Tranche”).  
The IPO subscription period starts today and runs until 27 November 2024 for UAE Retail 
Investors and until 28 November 2024 for Professional Investors.  
Each successful Subscriber in the First Tranche other than Eligible Employees will be guaranteed 
a minimum allocation of 1,000 Shares, and each Eligible Employee will be guaranteed a 
minimum allocation of 10,000 Shares (the “Minimum Guaranteed Allocation”).  


===== PAGE 4 =====

 
 
 
The Minimum Guaranteed Allocation is subject to (i) the total number of Shares issued under the 
Minimum Guaranteed Allocation not exceeding the Tranche size, and (ii) the total number of 
Shares allocated to any Eligible Employee pursuant to the Minimum Guaranteed Allocation not 
exceeding the number of Shares applied for by the Eligible Employee based on the Final Offer 
Price, subject to the limits and conditions set out in the UAE Prospectus. 
The completion of the Offering and Admission is expected to take place on or around 10 
December 2024, subject to market conditions and obtaining relevant regulatory approvals in the 
UAE, including approval of admission to listing and trading on DFM.  
Pursuant to an underwriting agreement to be entered into between the Company, the Selling 
Shareholder, and the Joint Bookrunners prior to the date of Admission (the “Underwriting 
Agreement”), the Shares held by the Selling Shareholder following Admission will be subject to a 
lock-up which starts on the date of Admission and ends 180 days thereafter. 
The details of the Offering are included in the UAE Prospectus and public subscription 
announcement (the “Public Announcement”), with respect to the UAE Retail Offering, and in an 
English-language International Offering Memorandum with respect to the Qualified Investor 
Offering. The UAE Prospectus and the Public Announcement were published on 11 November 
2024. The International Offering Memorandum was published on 19 November 2024. The UAE 
Prospectus and the International Offering Memorandum are available at https://ipo.talabat.com.  
Emirates NBD Capital PSC has been appointed as Listing Advisor. 
Emirates NBD Capital PSC, J.P. Morgan Securities PLC, and Morgan Stanley & Co International 
PLC have been appointed as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners. 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC, Barclays Bank PLC, EFG-Hermes UAE Limited (acting in 
conjunction with EFG Hermes UAE LLC), First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE, ING Bank N.V., and UniCredit Bank GmbH have been appointed as joint bookrunners.  
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC has been appointed as the Lead Receiving Bank. Abu Dhabi 
Commercial Bank PJSC, Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC, Al Maryah Community Bank LLC, Dubai 
Islamic Bank PJSC, Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC, First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, Mashreq Bank PSC 
and Wio Bank PJSC have also been appointed as Receiving Banks.  
The Internal Shariah Supervision Committee of Emirates NBD Bank PJSC has issued a Shariah 
pronouncement confirming that, in its view, the Offering is compliant with Shariah principles. 
Investors should undertake their own due diligence to ensure that the Offering is compliant with 
Shariah principles for their own purposes. 
 
-Ends- 
 
 
 


===== PAGE 5 =====

 
 
 
About talabat 
Since launching in Kuwait in 2004, talabat, the MENA region’s leading on-demand food, grocery, and retail 
platform for everyday deliveries, has been offering convenience and reliability to its customers. talabat’s 
local roots run deep, offering a real understanding of the needs of the communities we serve in eight 
countries across the region. We harness innovative technology and knowledge to simplify everyday life for 
our customers, optimise operations for our restaurants and local shops, and provide our riders with 
reliable earning opportunities daily. At talabat, we foster an innovative environment where our talabaty 
employees can strive to create a positive impact across the region through the use of our platform.       
MEDIA & INVESTOR RELATIONS ENQUIRIES  
Teneo (Financial Communications Advisor) 
Andy Parnis  
Shady Hamid 
talabat@teneo.com 
 
LISTING ADVISOR 
Emirates NBD Capital PSC 
 
JOINT GLOBAL COORDINATORS 
Emirates NBD Capital PSC  
J.P. Morgan Securities PLC  
Morgan Stanley & Co International PLC  
 
JOINT BOOKRUNNERS 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC 
Barclays Bank PLC 
EFG-Hermes UAE Limited (in conjunction with EFG Hermes UAE LLC) 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
ING Bank N.V.  
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
LEAD RECEIVING BANK 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC  
 
RECEIVING BANKS  
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC  
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC 
Al Maryah Community Bank LLC 
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC  
 
Mashreq Bank PSC 
Wio Bank PJSC 
 
 
 
 


===== PAGE 6 =====

 
 
 
Disclaimer 
The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to 
be full or complete. No reliance may or should be placed by any person for any purposes whatsoever on 
the information contained in this announcement or on its completeness, accuracy or fairness. The 
information in this announcement is subject to change. No obligation is undertaken to update this 
announcement or to correct any inaccuracies, and the distribution of this announcement shall not be 
deemed to be any form of commitment on the part of talabat to proceed with the IPO or any transaction or 
arrangement referred to herein. This announcement has not been approved by any competent regulatory 
authority. None of the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners, and/or any of their respective 
subsidiary undertakings, affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors and/or 
agents are responsible for the contents of this announcement. 
This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, or any 
solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for any shares or any other securities nor shall it (or any 
part of it) or the fact of its distribution, form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with or act as an 
inducement to enter into, any contract or commitment whatsoever. Investors should not purchase any 
shares referred to in this announcement except on the basis of information in the International Offering 
Memorandum to be published by talabat in due course in connection with the proposed Admission. The 
IPO and the distribution of this announcement and other information in connection with the IPO in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession this announcement, any 
document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about, and observe, 
any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the 
securities laws of any such jurisdiction. 
In particular, this announcement does not contain or constitute an offer of, or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy or subscribe for, securities to any person in the United States of America, Australia, Canada, South 
Africa, the UAE or Japan, or in any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The 
securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold in the United States of America, except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and in compliance with applicable state law. The offer and sale of the securities referred to 
herein has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the applicable securities 
laws of the United States of America, Australia, Canada, South Africa or Japan. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the securities referred to herein may not be offered or sold in Australia, Canada, South Africa 
or Japan or to, or for the account or benefit of, any national, resident or citizen of Australia, Canada, South 
Africa or Japan. Any securities sold in the United States of America will be sold only to qualified institutional 
buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in reliance on Rule 144A. There will be no public 
offer of the securities in the United States of America or any jurisdiction other than the UAE. Copies of this 
announcement are not being, and should not be, distributed in or sent into the United States of America, 
Australia, Canada, South Africa or Japan. 
In the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), this announcement and this Offering are only addressed to 
and directed at persons in member states of the EEA who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of 
Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) ("EU Prospectus Regulation") (“EU Qualified 
Investors”). In the United Kingdom, this announcement and this Offering are only addressed to and 
directed at persons who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, which forms part of EU retained law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended and together with any statutory instruments made in exercise of the powers conferred by such 
Act, the "EUWA”)) who are also (i) persons having professional experience in matters relating to 
investments who fall within the definition of "investment professional" in Article 19(5) of The Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Order"); (ii) persons 
who are high net worth bodies corporate, unincorporated associations and partnerships and trustees of 
high value trusts as described in Article 49(2) (a) to (c) of the Order; or (iii) other persons to whom it may 


===== PAGE 7 =====

 
 
 
lawfully be communicated (all such persons being referred to as "Relevant Persons"). In the Republic of 
South Africa ("South Africa"), this announcement and this Offering are only addressed to and directed at 
investors who fall within the exemptions set out in section 96(1)(a) or (b) of the South African Companies 
Act, 71 of 2008, as amended (the “South African Companies Act”) ( the "Exempted Institutions"). 
Accordingly, this Offering will not constitute an “offer to the public” or a “secondary offering” (as such term 
is defined in the South African Companies Act). This announcement must not be acted or relied on: (i) in 
any member state of the EEA, by persons who are not EU Qualified Investors; (ii) in the United Kingdom, by 
persons who are not Relevant Persons; and (iii) in South Africa, by persons who are not Exempted 
Institutions. Any securities, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise 
acquire such securities, and any investment activity, to which this announcement relates: (i) in any 
member state of the EEA is available only to, and may be engaged in only with, EU Qualified Investors; (ii) 
in the United Kingdom is available only to, and may be engaged only with, Relevant Persons; and (iii) in 
South Africa is available only to, and may be engaged only with, Exempted Institutions. 
This announcement has not been reviewed, verified, approved and/or licensed by the Central Bank of the 
UAE (the “UAE CB”), the SCA and/or any other relevant licensing authority in the UAE, including any 
licensing authority incorporated under the laws and regulations of any of the free zones established and 
operating in the territory of the UAE, including the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (the “FSRA”), a 
regulatory authority of the  ADGM, the DFSA, a regulatory authority of the Dubai International Financial 
Centre (“DIFC”) or any other authority in any other jurisdiction. 
Exempt offer statement (DIFC): This announcement relates to a potential Exempt Offer which may be made 
in the DIFC in accordance with the DFSA’s Rulebook. It is intended for distribution only to persons of a type 
specified in those rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no 
responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not 
approved this announcement nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it and has no responsibility 
for it. The securities to which this announcement relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on 
their resale. Prospective purchasers and subscribers of the securities referred to herein should conduct 
their own due diligence on the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this announcement, you 
should consult an authorised financial advisor.  
This announcement is for distribution only to persons who: (a) are outside the DIFC; (b) are persons who 
meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.4 of the DFSA Conduct of Business Module; or (c) 
are persons to whom an invitation or inducement in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may 
otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated  (all such persons together being 
referred to as “relevant persons” for the purposes of this paragraph). This announcement is directed only 
at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any 
investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to relevant persons 
and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. 
Exempt Offer Statement (ADGM): This announcement relates to a potential Exempt Offer which may be 
made in accordance with the Market Rules of the FSRA. This announcement is intended for distribution 
only to persons of a type specified in the Market Rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other 
person. The FSRA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt 
Offers. The FSRA has not approved this announcement nor taken steps to verify the information set out in 
it, and has no responsibility for it. The securities to which this announcement relates may be illiquid and/or 
subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the securities referred to herein should 
conduct their own due diligence on the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this 
announcement you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
This announcement is for distribution only to persons who: (a) are outside the ADGM; (b) are Authorised 
Persons or Recognised Bodies (as such terms are defined in the Financial Services and Markets 
Regulations 2015 (“FSMR”)); or (c) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 18 of FSMR) in connection with the issue or sale of any 


===== PAGE 8 =====

 
 
 
securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons 
together being referred to as “relevant persons” for the purposes of this paragraph). This announcement is 
directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant 
persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to 
relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. 
Notice to Prospective Investors in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: This document may not be distributed in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of 
Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Board of the Capital Market Authority (the “Capital 
Market Authority”) pursuant to resolution number 3-123-2017, dated 27 December 2017G, based on the 
Capital Market Law issued by Royal Decree No. M/30 dated 2/6/1424H, as amended by Resolution of the 
Board of the Capital Market Authority number 3-6-2024 dated 17 January 2024G. 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
announcement, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this announcement. Prospective purchasers of the securities referred to herein 
should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If you 
do not understand the contents of this announcement, you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
Solely for the purposes of the product governance requirements of Chapter 3 of the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK Product Governance Requirements”), and/or 
any equivalent requirements elsewhere to the extent determined to be applicable, and disclaiming all and 
any liability, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise, which any “manufacturer” (for the purposes of 
the UK Product Governance Requirements) and/or any equivalent requirements elsewhere (to the extent 
determined to be applicable) may otherwise have with respect thereto, the securities to which this 
announcement relates have been subject to a product approval process, which has determined that such 
securities are: (i) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the 
criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties, each as defined in Chapter 3 of the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook; and (ii) eligible for distribution through all permitted 
distribution channels (the “Target Market Assessment”). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment, 
“distributors” should note that: the price of the securities may decline and investors could lose all or part 
of their investment; the securities offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment 
in the securities to be issued in the Offering is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed 
income or capital protection, who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other 
advisor) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient 
resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without 
prejudice to any contractual, legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Offering. Furthermore, 
it is noted that, notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment, the underwriters will only procure investors 
who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (a) an assessment of 
suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of Chapters 9A or 10A respectively of the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest 
in, or purchase, or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the securities. 
In connection with the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, the Joint Global 
Coordinators and the Joint Bookrunners may, at their discretion, undertake their obligations in connection 
with the potential Offering by any of their affiliates based in the EEA. 
If you do not understand the contents of this announcement you should consult an authorized financial 
advisor. 
None of the Selling Shareholder, talabat, the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners and/or any 
of their respective subsidiary undertakings, affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, 
employees, advisors, agents or any other person(s) accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, 


===== PAGE 9 =====

 
 
 
or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the truth, accuracy, completeness or 
fairness of the information or opinions in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted 
from this announcement) or any other information relating to talabat or associated companies, whether 
written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss 
howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection 
therewith. 
This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning the IPO. The price and value of 
securities and any income from them can go down as well as up and, in the worst case, you could lose your 
entire investment. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. Information in this 
announcement cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. Before purchasing any securities 
in talabat, persons viewing this announcement should ensure that they fully understand and accept the 
risks which will be set out in the UAE Prospectus and the International Offering Memorandum prepared for 
the IPO, when published. There is no guarantee that the IPO will take place and potential investors should 
not base their financial or investment decisions on the intentions of talabat or any other person in relation 
to the IPO at this stage. Potential investors should consult a professional  advisor as to the suitability of the 
IPO for the person(s) concerned. 
This announcement contains “forward looking” statements, beliefs or opinions, including statements with 
respect to the business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategy and 
plans of talabat, and the industry in which talabat operates. These forward looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond talabat’s control and all of which 
are based on talabat’s current beliefs and expectations about future events. Forward looking statements 
are sometimes identified by the use of forward looking terminology such as “believes”, “expects”, “may”, 
“will”, “could”, “should”, “shall”, “risk”, “intends”, “estimates”, “aims”, “plans”, “predicts”, “continues”, 
“assumes”, “positioned” or “anticipates” or the negative thereof, other variations thereon or comparable 
terminology or by discussions of financial condition, prospects, capital resources, strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that 
are not historical facts and involve predictions. Forward looking statements may and often do differ 
materially from actual results. They appear in a number of places throughout this announcement and 
include statements regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of the directors of talabat with 
respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks, uncertainties and 
assumptions relating to the talabat business, concerning, amongst other things, the results of operations, 
financial condition, prospects, growth and strategies of talabat and the industry in which it operates. 
No assurance can be given that such future results will be achieved; actual events or results may differ 
materially as a result of risks and uncertainties facing talabat. Such risks and uncertainties could cause 
actual results to vary materially from the future results indicated, expressed or implied in such forward-
looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as of the 
date of this announcement. The Selling Shareholder, talabat, the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint 
Bookrunners and/or their respective affiliates, expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release 
publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement to 
reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which such 
statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law. 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC and First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC are each authorised and regulated in 
the UAE by the UAE CB and the SCA. Emirates NBD Capital PSC and EFG Hermes UAE LLC are each 
regulated by the SCA. EFG-Hermes UAE Limited is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the 
“DFSA”).  Each of J.P. Morgan Securities PLC, Morgan Stanley & Co International PLC and Barclays Bank 
PLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulatory Authority (the “PRA”) and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and the PRA in the United Kingdom. ING Bank N.V. is supervised and regulated by the 
European Central Bank, authorised and regulated by the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank or 
DNB) and regulated by the Dutch Authority for Financial Markets. Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE is 
authorised and supervised by the European Central Bank and the German Federal Financial Supervisory 


===== PAGE 10 =====

 
 
 
Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (“BaFin”).  UniCredit Bank GmbH is regulated 
by BaFin.  
The Joint Global Coordinators and the Joint Bookrunners are acting exclusively for the Company and no-
one else in connection with the Offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in 
relation to the Offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company  for providing the 
protections afforded to their respective clients, nor for providing advice in relation to the Offering, the 
contents of this announcement or any transaction, arrangement or other matter referred to herein. 
In connection with the Offering, each of the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners, and any of 
their affiliates, may take up a portion of the Shares in the Offering as a principal position and in that capacity 
may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell for their own accounts such shares and other securities of talabat 
or related investments in connection with the Offering or otherwise. Accordingly, references in the 
International Offering Memorandum, once published, to the shares being issued, offered, subscribed, 
acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, 
acquisition, placing or dealing by, each of the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners and any of 
their affiliates acting in such capacity. In addition, certain of the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint 
Bookrunners or their affiliates may enter into financing arrangements (including swaps or contracts for 
differences) with investors in connection with which they or their affiliates may from time to time acquire, 
hold or dispose of shares. None of the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners or any of their 
respective affiliates intends to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than 
in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so. 
