SOURCE FILE: TALABAT-HOLDING-PLC-PRICES-ITS-IPO-AT-THE-TOP-OF-THE-RANGE-RAISING-2-BILLION.pdf
CATEGORY: 05_Regulatory_and_IPO
PAGE COUNT: 9
PDF METADATA: {"format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "", "author": "Shady Hamid", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae Word for Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae Word for Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20241128221641+04'00'", "modDate": "D:20241128221641+04'00'", "trapped": "", "encryption": null}


===== PAGE 1 =====

NOT FOR PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY 
OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, CANADA, AUSTRALIA, SOUTH AFRICA 
OR JAPAN, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION 
OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. 
This announcement is not a prospectus and is not an offer of securities for sale or 
subscription in any jurisdiction, including in or into the United States of America, Canada, 
Australia, South Africa, Japan, or the United Arab Emirates (the “UAE”). 
Neither this announcement nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of, or be relied upon 
in connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever in any jurisdiction. Any offer to acquire 
shares pursuant to the potential offering will be made pursuant to, and any investor should make its 
investment decision solely on the basis of the information that is contained in, the international 
offering memorandum (the “International Offering Memorandum”) published by Talabat Holding plc 
in connection with the admission of its ordinary shares to trading on the Dubai Financial Market. 
The International Offering Memorandum is addressed only to certain qualified institutional investors 
located within certain jurisdictions and will be in compliance with the laws and regulations of such 
jurisdictions. The International Offering Memorandum has not been, and will not be, approved by the 
Securities and Commodities Authority of the UAE (the “SCA”) or any regulator in the UAE or 
elsewhere and the information contained in the International Offering Memorandum does not form 
part of any prospectus published in connection with an offering of shares in Talabat Holding plc to 
retail investors in the UAE (“UAE Prospectus”). The review of the International Offering Memorandum 
and any related advertisements does not fall under the SCA’s remit or jurisdiction.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


===== PAGE 2 =====

 
TALABAT HOLDING PLC PRICES ITS IPO AT THE TOP OF THE RANGE, 
RAISING $2 BILLION IN THE LARGEST GLOBAL TECH IPO IN 2024 TO DATE 
Dubai, UAE, 29 November 2024: Talabat Holding plc (“talabat” or the “Company”), the leading on-
demand online food ordering, delivery, takeaway, and groceries and convenience retail marketplace 
in the MENA region, today announces the successful completion of the bookbuild and public 
subscription process for its initial public offering (“IPO” or the “Offering”) on the Dubai Financial 
Market (“DFM”). 
KEY HIGHLIGHTS 
• 
talabat confirms that the Final Offer Price for its shares (the “Shares”, each a “Share”) has 
been set at AED 1.60 per share, at the top end of the previously announced Offer Price Range, 
implying a market capitalisation at listing of c. AED 37.3 billion (c. US$ 10.1 billion). 
• 
The Offering raised gross proceeds of c. AED 7.5 billion (c. US$ 2.0 billion), with substantial 
demand from international, regional, and local investors resulting in a double-digit 
oversubscription level. 
• 
To accommodate the substantial investor demand, which included a number of sizeable 
anchor orders from global long-only and technology sector investors, the Offering was 
upsized to 20% from 15% of the Company’s total issued share capital. 
• 
The record-breaking Offering was the largest global technology IPO in 2024 to date, the 
largest IPO in the GCC this year to date and the first ever technology sector IPO on DFM. 
• 
Admission of the Shares to trading on DFM (the “Admission”) is expected to take place on or 
around 10 December 2024 under the ticker symbol “TALABAT”. 
DETAILS OF THE FINAL OFFER PRICE 
The Final Offer Price has been set at AED 1.60 per share, at the top end of the previously announced 
Offer Price Range, raising offer proceeds of c. AED 7.5 billion (c. US$ 2.0 billion). talabat and the 
Selling Shareholder confirm the Offering size of 4,657,648,125 Shares, equivalent to 20% of the 
Company’s total issued share capital. As announced on 27 November 2024, the total Offering size 
was increased during the book-building period to accommodate significant demand from 
international, regional and local investors.  
The Offering achieved a double-digit oversubscription level, with a number of sizeable anchor orders 
from global long-only investors and technology sector specialists.  
 
 


===== PAGE 3 =====

Tomaso Rodriguez, Chief Executive Officer of talabat, commented: 
“The overwhelming response to talabat’s IPO, which saw substantial demand across both tranches, 
is a testament to the exceptional work and achievements of our teams over the past 20 years. Having 
raised AED 7.5 billion and attracted a double-digit oversubscription level, it is clear that talabat’s 
Offering presented both international and local investors with a unique opportunity to gain exposure 
to a leading player in MENA’s technology-driven and dynamic on-demand delivery market.  
“As we celebrate today’s milestone and look forward to welcoming our new shareholders, everyone 
at talabat is deeply proud of our local growth story. Starting out in Kuwait back in 2004, talabat’s two-
decade journey has been truly remarkable and speaks to the tremendous ambition and innovation 
that exists in the MENA region. This entrepreneurial spirit saw us expand to eight markets, partner 
with thousands of restaurant and grocery businesses and serve millions of customers every day. As 
we look ahead, we are confident that our growth strategy focused on enhancing our product offering 
and increasing our market penetration, investing in our loyalty programmes, scaling our advertising 
offerings and exploring adjacent categories, will power the next phase of talabat’s success.”  
Based on the final offer price, talabat’s market capitalisation upon listing will be c. AED 37.3 billion 
(c. US$ 10.1 billion). Investors who subscribed through the First Tranche (the “UAE Retail Offering”) 
will receive an SMS confirmation of their respective allocation on 6 December 2024, with refunds 
due to commence from the same date. 
The completion of the Offering and Admission is expected to take place on 10 December 2024, under 
the ticker symbol “TALABAT” and ISIN “AEE01569T248”, subject to market conditions and obtaining 
relevant regulatory approvals in the UAE, including approval of admission to listing and trading on 
DFM. 
Emirates NBD Capital PSC acted as Listing Advisor.  
Emirates NBD Capital PSC, J.P. Morgan Securities PLC, and Morgan Stanley & Co International PLC 
acted as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners.  
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC, Barclays Bank PLC, EFG-Hermes UAE Limited (acting in 
conjunction with EFG Hermes UAE LLC), First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe 
SE, ING Bank N.V., and UniCredit Bank GmbH acted as joint bookrunners.  
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC acted as the Lead Receiving Bank. Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC, Abu 
Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC, Al Maryah Community Bank LLC, Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC, Emirates 
Islamic Bank PJSC, First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, Mashreq Bank PSC, and Wio Bank PJSC also acted 
as Receiving Banks. 
For more information, visit https://ipo.talabat.com. 
 
-Ends- 
 
 
 


===== PAGE 4 =====

About talabat 
Since launching in Kuwait in 2004, talabat, the MENA region’s leading on-demand food, grocery, and retail 
platform for everyday deliveries, has been offering convenience and reliability to its customers. talabat’s local 
roots run deep, offering a real understanding of the needs of the communities we serve in eight countries 
across the region. We harness innovative technology and knowledge to simplify everyday life for our 
customers, optimise operations for our restaurants and local shops, and provide our riders with reliable 
earning opportunities daily. At talabat, we foster an innovative environment where our talabaty employees can 
strive to create a positive impact across the region through the use of our platform.       
 
MEDIA & INVESTOR RELATIONS ENQUIRIES  
Teneo (Financial Communications Advisor) 
Andy Parnis  
Shady Hamid 
talabat@teneo.com 
 
LISTING ADVISOR 
Emirates NBD Capital PSC 
 
JOINT GLOBAL COORDINATORS 
Emirates NBD Capital PSC  
J.P. Morgan Securities PLC  
Morgan Stanley & Co International PLC  
 
JOINT BOOKRUNNERS 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC 
Barclays Bank PLC 
EFG-Hermes UAE Limited (in conjunction with EFG Hermes UAE LLC) 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
ING Bank N.V.  
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
LEAD RECEIVING BANK 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC  
 
RECEIVING BANKS  
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC  
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC 
Al Maryah Community Bank LLC 
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC  
 
Mashreq Bank PSC 
Wio Bank PJSC 
 
 


===== PAGE 5 =====

Disclaimer 
The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be 
full or complete. No reliance may or should be placed by any person for any purposes whatsoever on the 
information contained in this announcement or on its completeness, accuracy or fairness. The information in 
this announcement is subject to change. No obligation is undertaken to update this announcement or to 
correct any inaccuracies, and the distribution of this announcement shall not be deemed to be any form of 
commitment on the part of talabat to proceed with the IPO or any transaction or arrangement referred to herein. 
This announcement has not been approved by any competent regulatory authority. None of the Joint Global 
Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners, and/or any of their respective subsidiary undertakings, affiliates or any of 
their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors and/or agents are responsible for the contents of this 
announcement. 
This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, or any solicitation 
of any offer to purchase or subscribe for any shares or any other securities nor shall it (or any part of it) or the 
fact of its distribution, form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with or act as an inducement to enter 
into, any contract or commitment whatsoever. Investors should not purchase any shares referred to in this 
announcement except on the basis of information in the International Offering Memorandum published by 
talabat in connection with the proposed Admission. The IPO and the distribution of this announcement and 
other information in connection with the IPO in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and persons into 
whose possession this announcement, any document or other information referred to herein comes should 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may 
constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. 
In particular, this announcement does not contain or constitute an offer of, or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
or subscribe for, securities to any person in the United States of America, Australia, Canada, South Africa, the 
UAE or Japan, or in any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The securities 
referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold in the United States of America, except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in 
compliance with applicable state law. The offer and sale of the securities referred to herein has not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the applicable securities laws of the United States of 
America, Australia, Canada, South Africa or Japan. Subject to certain exceptions, the securities referred to 
herein may not be offered or sold in Australia, Canada, South Africa or Japan or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, any national, resident or citizen of Australia, Canada, South Africa or Japan. Any securities sold in the United 
States of America will be sold only to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act) in reliance on Rule 144A. There will be no public offer of the securities in the United States of America or 
any jurisdiction other than the UAE. Copies of this announcement are not being, and should not be, distributed 
in or sent into the United States of America, Australia, Canada, South Africa or Japan. 
In the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), this announcement and this Offering are only addressed to and 
directed at persons in member states of the EEA who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) ("EU Prospectus Regulation") (“EU Qualified Investors”). In the 
United Kingdom, this announcement and this Offering are only addressed to and directed at persons who are 
“qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, which forms part of EU 
retained law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended and together with any 
statutory instruments made in exercise of the powers conferred by such Act, the "EUWA”)) who are also (i) 
persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of 
"investment professional" in Article 19(5) of The Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) 
Order 2005, as amended (the "Order"); (ii) persons who are high net worth bodies corporate, unincorporated 
associations and partnerships and trustees of high value trusts as described in Article 49(2) (a) to (c) of the 


===== PAGE 6 =====

Order; or (iii) other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated (all such persons being referred to as 
"Relevant Persons"). In the Republic of South Africa ("South Africa"), this announcement and this Offering are 
only addressed to and directed at investors who fall within the exemptions set out in section 96(1)(a) or (b) of 
the South African Companies Act, 71 of 2008, as amended (the “South African Companies Act”) ( the 
"Exempted Institutions"). Accordingly, this Offering will not constitute an “offer to the public” or a “secondary 
offering” (as such term is defined in the South African Companies Act). This announcement must not be acted 
or relied on: (i) in any member state of the EEA, by persons who are not EU Qualified Investors; (ii) in the United 
Kingdom, by persons who are not Relevant Persons; and (iii) in South Africa, by persons who are not Exempted 
Institutions. Any securities, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire 
such securities, and any investment activity, to which this announcement relates: (i) in any member state of 
the EEA is available only to, and may be engaged in only with, EU Qualified Investors; (ii) in the United Kingdom 
is available only to, and may be engaged only with, Relevant Persons; and (iii) in South Africa is available only 
to, and may be engaged only with, Exempted Institutions. 
This announcement has not been reviewed, verified, approved and/or licensed by the Central Bank of the UAE 
(the “UAE CB”), the SCA and/or any other relevant licensing authority in the UAE, including any licensing 
authority incorporated under the laws and regulations of any of the free zones established and operating in the 
territory of the UAE, including the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (the “FSRA”), a regulatory authority 
of the  ADGM, the DFSA, a regulatory authority of the Dubai International Financial Centre (“DIFC”) or any other 
authority in any other jurisdiction. 
Exempt offer statement (DIFC): This announcement relates to a potential Exempt Offer which may be made in 
the DIFC in accordance with the DFSA’s Rulebook. It is intended for distribution only to persons of a type 
specified in those rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no 
responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not 
approved this announcement nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it and has no responsibility for 
it. The securities to which this announcement relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their 
resale. Prospective purchasers and subscribers of the securities referred to herein should conduct their own 
due diligence on the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this announcement, you should 
consult an authorised financial advisor.  
This announcement is for distribution only to persons who: (a) are outside the DIFC; (b) are persons who meet 
the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.4 of the DFSA Conduct of Business Module; or (c) are persons 
to whom an invitation or inducement in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise 
lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated  (all such persons together being referred to as 
“relevant persons” for the purposes of this paragraph). This announcement is directed only at relevant persons 
and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment 
activity to which this announcement relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only 
with relevant persons. 
Exempt Offer Statement (ADGM): This announcement relates to a potential Exempt Offer which may be made 
in accordance with the Market Rules of the FSRA. This announcement is intended for distribution only to 
persons of a type specified in the Market Rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. 
The FSRA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The 
FSRA has not approved this announcement nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, and has no 
responsibility for it. The securities to which this announcement relates may be illiquid and/or subject to 
restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the securities referred to herein should conduct their 
own due diligence on the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this announcement you should 
consult an authorised financial advisor. 


===== PAGE 7 =====

This announcement is for distribution only to persons who: (a) are outside the ADGM; (b) are Authorised 
Persons or Recognised Bodies (as such terms are defined in the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 
2015 (“FSMR”)); or (c) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within 
the meaning of section 18 of FSMR) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully 
be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant 
persons” for the purposes of this paragraph). This announcement is directed only at relevant persons and must 
not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to 
which this announcement relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant 
persons. 
Notice to Prospective Investors in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: This document may not be distributed in the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities 
and Continuing Obligations issued by the Board of the Capital Market Authority (the “Capital Market Authority”) 
pursuant to resolution number 3-123-2017, dated 27 December 2017G, based on the Capital Market Law 
issued by Royal Decree No. M/30 dated 2/6/1424H, as amended by Resolution of the Board of the Capital 
Market Authority number 3-6-2024 dated 17 January 2024G. 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
announcement, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this announcement. Prospective purchasers of the securities referred to herein 
should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If you do 
not understand the contents of this announcement, you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
Solely for the purposes of the product governance requirements of Chapter 3 of the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK Product Governance Requirements”), and/or any 
equivalent requirements elsewhere to the extent determined to be applicable, and disclaiming all and any 
liability, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise, which any “manufacturer” (for the purposes of the UK 
Product Governance Requirements) and/or any equivalent requirements elsewhere (to the extent determined 
to be applicable) may otherwise have with respect thereto, the securities to which this announcement relates 
have been subject to a product approval process, which has determined that such securities are: (i) 
compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional 
clients and eligible counterparties, each as defined in Chapter 3 of the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook; and (ii) eligible for distribution through all permitted distribution channels (the “Target Market 
Assessment”). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment, “distributors” should note that: the price of the 
securities may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the securities offer no 
guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the securities to be issued in the Offering 
is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection, who (either alone 
or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other advisor) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks 
of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result 
therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to any contractual, legal or regulatory selling 
restrictions in relation to the Offering. Furthermore, it is noted that, notwithstanding the Target Market 
Assessment, the underwriters will only procure investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and 
eligible counterparties.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (a) an assessment of suitability 
or appropriateness for the purposes of Chapters 9A or 10A respectively of the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in, or purchase, 
or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the securities. 


===== PAGE 8 =====

In connection with the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, the Joint Global 
Coordinators and the Joint Bookrunners may, at their discretion, undertake their obligations in connection with 
the potential Offering by any of their affiliates based in the EEA. 
If you do not understand the contents of this announcement you should consult an authorized financial 
advisor. 
None of the Selling Shareholder, talabat, the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners and/or any of 
their respective subsidiary undertakings, affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, 
advisors, agents or any other person(s) accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, or makes any 
representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the truth, accuracy, completeness or fairness of the 
information or opinions in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from this 
announcement) or any other information relating to talabat or associated companies, whether written, oral or 
in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising 
from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. 
This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning the IPO. The price and value of 
securities and any income from them can go down as well as up and, in the worst case, you could lose your 
entire investment. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. Information in this announcement 
cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. Before purchasing any securities in talabat, persons 
viewing this announcement should ensure that they fully understand and accept the risks which are set out in 
the UAE Prospectus and the International Offering Memorandum prepared for the IPO. There is no guarantee 
that the IPO will take place and potential investors should not base their financial or investment decisions on 
the intentions of talabat or any other person in relation to the IPO at this stage. Potential investors should 
consult a professional advisor as to the suitability of the IPO for the person(s) concerned. 
This announcement contains “forward looking” statements, beliefs or opinions, including statements with 
respect to the business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategy and 
plans of talabat, and the industry in which talabat operates. These forward-looking statements involve known 
and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond talabat’s control and all of which are based 
on talabat’s current beliefs and expectations about future events. Forward looking statements are sometimes 
identified by the use of forward looking terminology such as “believes”, “expects”, “may”, “will”, “could”, 
“should”, “shall”, “risk”, “intends”, “estimates”, “aims”, “plans”, “predicts”, “continues”, “assumes”, 
“positioned” or “anticipates” or the negative thereof, other variations thereon or comparable terminology or by 
discussions of financial condition, prospects, capital resources, strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future 
events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts and 
involve predictions. Forward looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. They 
appear in a number of places throughout this announcement and include statements regarding the intentions, 
beliefs or current expectations of the directors of talabat with respect to future events and are subject to risks 
relating to future events and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to the talabat business, 
concerning, amongst other things, the results of operations, financial condition, prospects, growth and 
strategies of talabat and the industry in which it operates. 
No assurance can be given that such future results will be achieved; actual events or results may differ 
materially as a result of risks and uncertainties facing talabat. Such risks and uncertainties could cause actual 
results to vary materially from the future results indicated, expressed or implied in such forward-looking 
statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as of the date of this 
announcement. The Selling Shareholder, talabat, the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners and/or 
their respective affiliates, expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or 
revisions to any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement to reflect any change in its 


===== PAGE 9 =====

expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based 
unless required to do so by applicable law. 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC and First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC are each authorised and regulated in the 
UAE by the UAE CB and the SCA. Emirates NBD Capital PSC and EFG Hermes UAE LLC are each regulated by 
the SCA. EFG-Hermes UAE Limited is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the “DFSA”).  Each 
of J.P. Morgan Securities PLC, Morgan Stanley & Co International PLC and Barclays Bank PLC is authorised by 
the Prudential Regulatory Authority (the “PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the PRA 
in the United Kingdom. ING Bank N.V. is supervised and regulated by the European Central Bank, authorised 
and regulated by the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank or DNB) and regulated by the Dutch 
Authority for Financial Markets. Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE is authorised and supervised by the European 
Central 
Bank 
and 
the 
German 
Federal 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
(Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (“BaFin”).  UniCredit Bank GmbH is regulated by BaFin.  
The Joint Global Coordinators and the Joint Bookrunners are acting exclusively for the Company and no-one 
else in connection with the Offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation 
to the Offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections 
afforded to their respective clients, nor for providing advice in relation to the Offering, the contents of this 
announcement or any transaction, arrangement or other matter referred to herein. 
In connection with the Offering, each of the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners, and any of their 
affiliates, may take up a portion of the Shares in the Offering as a principal position and in that capacity may 
retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell for their own accounts such shares and other securities of talabat or related 
investments in connection with the Offering or otherwise. Accordingly, references in the International Offering 
Memorandum to the shares being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should 
be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or dealing by, each of the Joint 
Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners and any of their affiliates acting in such capacity. In addition, 
certain of the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners or their affiliates may enter into financing 
arrangements (including swaps or contracts for differences) with investors in connection with which they or 
their affiliates may from time to time acquire, hold or dispose of shares. None of the Joint Global Coordinators, 
the Joint Bookrunners or any of their respective affiliates intends to disclose the extent of any such investment 
or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so. 
 
