SOURCE FILE: TALABAT-HOLDING-PLC-ANNOUNCES-ITS-INTENTION-TO-FLOAT-ON-THE-DUBAI-FINANCIAL-MARKET-DFM.pdf
CATEGORY: 05_Regulatory_and_IPO
PAGE COUNT: 16
PDF METADATA: {"format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "", "author": "Shady Hamid", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae Word for Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae Word for Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20241110163737+04'00'", "modDate": "D:20241110163737+04'00'", "trapped": "", "encryption": null}


===== PAGE 1 =====

 
 
 
NOT FOR PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, CANADA, AUSTRALIA, 
SOUTH AFRICA OR JAPAN, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE 
PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. 
This announcement is not a prospectus and is not an offer of securities for sale or 
subscription in any jurisdiction, including in or into the United States of America, Canada, 
Australia, South Africa, Japan, or the United Arab Emirates (the “UAE”). 
Neither this announcement nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of, or be 
relied upon in connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever in any jurisdiction. 
Any offer to acquire shares pursuant to the potential offering will be made pursuant to, 
and any investor should make its investment decision solely on the basis of the 
information that is contained in, the international offering memorandum (the 
“International Offering Memorandum”) which may be published by Talabat Holding plc 
in due course in connection with the admission of its ordinary shares to trading on the 
Dubai Financial Market. 
The International Offering Memorandum, if published, will be addressed only to certain 
qualified institutional investors located within certain jurisdictions and will be in 
compliance with the laws and regulations of such jurisdictions. The International Offering 
Memorandum has not been, and will not be, approved by the Securities and 
Commodities Authority of the UAE (the “SCA”) or any regulator in the UAE or elsewhere 
and the information contained in the International Offering Memorandum (if published) 
will not form part of any prospectus which may be published in connection with an 
offering of shares in Talabat Holding plc to retail investors in the UAE. The review of the 
International Offering Memorandum and any related advertisements does not fall under 
the SCA’s remit or jurisdiction. 
 
 


===== PAGE 2 =====

 
 
 
 
 
TALABAT HOLDING PLC ANNOUNCES ITS INTENTION TO FLOAT ON 
THE DUBAI FINANCIAL MARKET (DFM)  
Dubai, UAE, 11 November 2024: Talabat Holding plc (“talabat” or the “Company”), the leading 
on-demand online food ordering, delivery, takeaway and groceries and convenience retail 
marketplace in the MENA region, today announces its intention to proceed with an initial public 
offering (the “IPO” or the “Offering”) and to list its ordinary shares (the “Shares”) for trading on 
the Dubai Financial Market (“DFM”).    
KEY HIGHLIGHTS OF THE OFFERING 
● A total of 3,493,236,093 Shares, each with a nominal value of AED 0.04, will be made 
available in the Offering, representing 15% of the Company’s total issued share capital. 
● All Shares to be offered are existing shares held by the Company’s sole shareholder, 
Delivery Hero MENA Holding GmbH (the “Selling Shareholder”), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Delivery Hero SE (“Delivery Hero”), a German public company listed on the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
● The Offering will be made available to UAE Retail Investors, including Eligible Employees 
of talabat as part of the UAE Retail Offering or First Tranche (as defined below) as well as 
to Professional Investors outside the United States, including the UAE, as part of the 
Qualified Investor Offering or Second Tranche (as defined below). 
● The subscription period will open on 19 November 2024 and end on 27 November 2024 
for UAE Retail Investors and on 28 November 2024 for Professional Investors. 
● The Offer Price will be determined through a book building process during the 
subscription period. 
● The Internal Shariah Supervision Committee of Emirates NBD Bank PJSC has issued a 
Shariah pronouncement confirming that, in its view, the Offering is compliant with 
Shariah principles. Investors should undertake their own due diligence to ensure that the 
Offering is compliant with Shariah principles for their own purposes. 
● Admission of the Shares to trading on DFM (“Admission”) is expected to take place on or 
around 10 December 2024.    
CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND DIVIDEND POLICY 
● The share capital of the Company, as at the publication date of the UAE Prospectus, has 
been set at AED 931,529,625 divided into 23,288,240,625 Shares paid-in-full, with the 
nominal value of each Share being AED 0.04. 
● Following the Offering, the Company intends to pay a minimum dividend in an amount of 
AED 367.25 million (equivalent to USD 100 million) in April 2025 in respect of the financial 
results of the fourth quarter of 2024. The Company intends to pay a minimum dividend in 
the amount of AED 1,469 million (equivalent to USD 400 million) in two instalments in 


===== PAGE 3 =====

 
 
 
October 2025 and April 2026 in respect of the financial results for the year ending 31 
December 2025.  
● Following such distribution, the Company intends to pay dividends twice each calendar 
year, with an interim payment based on the first-half financial results being paid in 
October of that calendar year, and a second payment following full-year financial results 
being paid in April of the following calendar year, in each case with a target net income 
payout of 90%. 
● The dividend policy is designed to reflect the Company’s expectation of strong cash flow 
and expected long-term earnings potential, while allowing talabat to retain sufficient 
capital to fund ongoing operating requirements and continued investment for long-term 
growth.  
● The planned 2024 and 2025 dividends and the dividend policy are subject to the 
consideration of the Company’s board of directors (“Board of Directors”) of the cash 
management requirements of the Company’s business for operating expenses, financing 
expenses and anticipated capital expenditures. In addition, talabat expects that the 
Board of Directors will also consider market conditions, the then-current operating 
environment in the Company’s markets, and the Board of Directors’ outlook for the 
Company’s business.  
Commenting on the intended Offering, Pieter-Jan Vandepitte, Chairperson of talabat, said: 
“Announcing talabat’s intention to float a 15% stake on DFM is a defining moment for talabat and 
for Delivery Hero. Since Delivery Hero’s acquisition of talabat in 2015, it has become a major 
MENA tech success story, growing into the leading on-demand food ordering, delivery, takeaway 
and groceries and convenience retail marketplace and creating amazing experiences and value 
for partners and customers across the region. With its unmatched scale, strong MENA heritage 
and multi-category leadership, talabat is strategically positioned to seize the opportunity in its 
markets. Delivery Hero’s global expertise and network have been pivotal in driving talabat’s 
growth and as the Company enters a new era today, we believe now is the right time for additional 
investors to play a part in talabat's continuing success and future.” 
Tomaso Rodriguez, Chief Executive Officer of talabat, said: “It gives us great pleasure to 
announce our intention to proceed with talabat’s IPO. Having begun our story in 2004 out of 
Kuwait, talabat has since transformed into a home-grown technology-driven food, groceries and 
retail delivery champion with deep local roots. Today, we are the leading MENA partner of choice 
for over 65,000 restaurant and grocery businesses, satisfying the everyday needs of over six 
million monthly active customers, across our eight regional markets. Our deep familiarity with a 
region that is experiencing strong economic and demographic growth has resulted in a robust 
financial profile with GMV of USD 6.1 billion in 2023, a 24% CAGR between 2021-2023, and 
adjusted free cash flow of over USD 300 million in 2023.1”  
“As we look into the future, our medium-term outlook reflects multiple growth levers and 
favourable socioeconomic conditions. With a clear growth strategy and a highly experienced 
team in place, we are excited to be entering this new chapter of our story, which will see us 
continue to proudly deliver to the region that delivers.” 
 
1 Financial information presented in this paragraph has been reported on a combined basis.  


===== PAGE 4 =====

 
 
 
DETAILS OF THE OFFERING 
Delivery Hero MENA Holding GmbH expects to sell 15% of the total issued shares in the share 
capital of talabat (equivalent to a total of 3,493,236,093 Shares), with the Selling Shareholder 
retaining the right to amend the size of the Offering and the size of any Tranche at any time prior 
to the end of the subscription period at its sole discretion, subject to the applicable laws of the 
UAE and the approval of the SCA. 
The Offering will comprise:  
● A public offering (the “UAE Retail Offering”) to UAE Retail Investors and other investors in 
the UAE, including Eligible Employees of talabat (as defined in the UAE Prospectus and 
referred to as “First Tranche” subscribers). 
● An offering to Professional Investors (as defined in the SCA Board of Directors’ Chairman 
Decision No.13/R.M of 2021 (as amended from time to time), as defined in the UAE 
Prospectus and referred to as the “Qualified Investors Offering” or the “Second 
Tranche”).  
The UAE Retail Offering subscription period is expected to run from 19 November 2024 to 27 
November 2024, and the Qualified Investor Offering subscription period is expected to run from 
19 November 2024 to 28 November 2024.  
The offer price per Share (the “Offer Price”) will be determined through, and following, a book 
building process. Investors participating in the UAE Retail Offering will subscribe for the Shares 
at the Offer Price. 
The completion of the Offering and Admission is expected to take place on or around 10 
December 2024, subject to market conditions and obtaining relevant regulatory approvals in the 
UAE, including approval of admission to listing and trading on DFM.  
Pursuant to an underwriting agreement to be entered into between the Company, the Selling 
Shareholder and the Joint Bookrunners prior to the date of Admission (the “Underwriting 
Agreement”), the Shares held by the Selling Shareholder following Admission will be subject to a 
lock-up which starts on the date of Admission and ends 180 days thereafter. 
The details of the Offering will be included in an Arabic-language prospectus (the “UAE 
Prospectus”) and public subscription announcement (the “Public Announcement”), with 
respect to the UAE Retail Offering, and in an English-language International Offering 
Memorandum with respect to the Qualified Investor Offering. The UAE Prospectus and the Public 
Announcement are published today, and the International Offering Memorandum is expected to 
be published in due course. The UAE Prospectus and the International Offering Memorandum 
will be available at https://ipo.talabat.com.  
Emirates NBD Capital PSC, J.P. Morgan Securities PLC and Morgan Stanley & Co International 
PLC have been appointed as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners. 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC, Barclays Bank PLC, EFG-Hermes UAE Limited (acting in 
conjunction with EFG Hermes UAE LLC), First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE, ING Bank N.V. and UniCredit Bank GmbH have been appointed as joint bookrunners.  
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC has been appointed as the Lead Receiving Bank. Abu Dhabi 
Commercial Bank PJSC, Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC, Al Maryah Community Bank LLC, 


===== PAGE 5 =====

 
 
 
Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC, First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, Mashreq Bank PSC and Wio Bank PJSC 
have also been appointed as Receiving Banks.  
The Internal Shariah Supervision Committee of Emirates NBD Bank PJSC has issued a Shariah 
pronouncement confirming that, in its view, the Offering is compliant with Shariah principles. 
Investors should undertake their own due diligence to ensure that the Offering is compliant with 
Shariah principles for their own purposes. 
OVERVIEW OF TALABAT 
talabat is the leading on-demand online food ordering, delivery, takeaway and groceries and 
convenience retail marketplace in the MENA region, with operations in the UAE, Kuwait, Qatar, 
Bahrain, Egypt, Oman, Jordan, and Iraq. The Company’s marketplace benefits from powerful 
network effects, with each constituent of talabat’s three-sided marketplace (customers, 
partners and riders) contributing to its growth flywheel. For the month of September 2024, 
talabat’s platform had more than 6 million active customers, more than 65,000 active 
restaurants and other groceries and retail vendors (who are collectively referred to as “Partners”) 
and more than 119,000 active riders.  
talabat’s online platform provides a convenient, personalised, and simple way of ordering food, 
groceries, and other convenience products from a wide selection of Partners. Through talabat’s 
online food ordering offering (the “Food Vertical”), customers order food from Partner 
restaurants (“Restaurants”). Through the Company’s groceries and convenience retail offering 
(the “Groceries and Retail Vertical”), customers are provided with access to everyday essentials, 
including but not limited to groceries, pharmacy products, beverages, snacks, household items, 
and personal care products, primarily sourced from various local Partners, such as grocery 
stores, pharmacies, and flower shops (“Local Shops”), and through talabat’s own warehousing 
and distribution centres designed for the fulfilment of online, on-demand orders of convenience 
products and groceries (“tMarts”). 
Underpinning talabat’s online offering is its pioneering and scalable logistics and service 
technology stack, aimed at transforming the ordering, delivery and takeaway market by 
automating and personalising all aspects of order placement, processing, fulfilment, delivery 
and support, to provide a superior experience for Partners, customers and riders.  
INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS 
We are leaders in a highly attractive and under-penetrated market  
● For the month of September 2024, talabat had more than 6 million monthly active 
customers, over 65,000 active Partners and over 119,000 active riders, making the 
Company the largest platform in the countries in which it operates, with the highest 
number of orders, largest relative category share, and widest geographic reach amongst 
its peers in the MENA region.2  
● talabat’s relative category share in GCC countries ranges from more than 3x that of the 
next largest online peer platform to more than 10x that of the next largest online peer 
platform in some countries. In the Company’s non-GCC countries, talabat’s category 
 
2 According to OC&C 


===== PAGE 6 =====

 
 
 
share ranges from more than 2x that of the next largest online peer platform to more than 
10x that of the next largest online peer platform.3 
● talabat’s platform connects customers, Partners and riders in eight countries in the 
MENA region, which has a population of over 185 million and an addressable population 
of approximately 71.1 million (in each case based on OC&C market analysis).  
● In 2023, the food service total addressable category, grocery total addressable category, 
and other adjacent product categories total addressable category amounted to 
approximately AED 77 billion (equivalent to USD 21 billion), AED 349 billion (equivalent to 
USD 95 billion) and AED 29 billion (equivalent to USD 8 billion), respectively, across all of 
talabat’s markets, according to OC&C. 
● talabat capitalises on the region’s urbanisation rate, growing population and rising online 
penetration rate in the food and grocery and retail industry, offering localised services 
that meet the diverse needs of its customers.  
Our business model fuels growth, service quality and platform loyalty 
● talabat’s business model benefits from powerful network effects, which fuel a virtuous 
cycle of growth, improvements to service quality and deepening of platform loyalty – the 
“talabat flywheel”.  
● As talabat’s value proposition attracts more customers to join its platform, the platform 
receives more orders. Greater customer demand attracts more Partners, who benefit 
from more sales due to the higher volume available on the platform. More Partners 
provide an even more diverse selection to customers. More customers and Partners on 
the talabat platform attract more riders, which in turn leads to a better delivery 
experience for customers, increased coverage for Partners and better fleet utilisation and 
efficiency.  
● talabat is focused on continuously delivering an attractive value proposition to 
customers, across three critical dimensions:  
o Selection: Over 56,300 Restaurants, 9,500 Local Shops, and more than 155 
cuisines and non-food categories on the platform. 
o Experience: Focused on convenience, reliability, and personalisation. For the 
month of September 2024, customers benefited from an approximately 99% 
order success rate and an average delivery time of less than 30 minutes.   
o Value: Targeted and personalised promotions and discounts to customers, 
granting them aggregate annual savings of more than AED 1,567.7 million from 29 
September 2023 to 29 September 2024, which are funded by Partners, business-
to-business partnerships, and bank partnerships.  
 
 
 
3 Relative category share is measured as the relative size of the talabat food service delivery sales compared to the food delivery 
sales of the next largest online peer platform by geography for the first half of 2024 (based on OC&C market analysis) 


===== PAGE 7 =====

 
 
 
We have an attractive financial profile with a robust track record of growth4  
● talabat has a strong track record of delivering profitable growth, with gross merchandise 
value (“GMV”) for cohorts of customers acquired since 2019 having increased by 
approximately 4x over a period of 5 years, and a cash conversion rate of 96% for the period 
between 1 January and 29 September 2024.5 
● In 2023, talabat’s GMV was AED 22.3 billion (equivalent to USD 6.1 billion), compared to 
GMV of AED 19.0 billion (equivalent to USD 5.2 billion) in 2022 and GMV of AED 14.5 billion 
(equivalent to USD 3.9 billion) in 2021, reflecting a CAGR of 24% reported growth from 
2021 to 2023. In the period between 1 January and 29 September 2024, the Company’s 
GMV was AED 19.8 billion (equivalent to USD 5.4 billion) compared to GMV of AED 16.3 
billion (equivalent to USD 4.4 billion) for the comparable period of 2023, reflecting a 
period-on-period increase of 21.3%.  
● The Company’s revenue amounted to AED 8.0 billion (equivalent to USD 2.2 billion) in 
2023 compared to AED 6.3 billion (equivalent to USD 1.7 billion) in 2022, reflecting a year-
on-year increase of 26.6%. In the period between 1 January and 29 September 2024, 
talabat’s revenue amounted to AED 7.6 billion (equivalent to USD 2.1 billion) compared 
to AED 5.8 billion (equivalent to USD 1.6 billion) for the comparable period of 2023, 
reflecting a period-on-period increase of 32.0%. 
● Adjusted Free Cash Flow amounted to AED 1.1 billion (equivalent to USD 0.3 billion) in 
2023, compared to AED 0.6 billion (equivalent to USD 0.2 billion) in 2022, reflecting a 
year-on-year increase of 79.2%. In the period between 1 January and 29 September 2024, 
talabat’s Adjusted Free Cash Flow amounted to AED 1.3 billion (equivalent to USD 0.3 
billion) compared to AED 0.8 billion (equivalent to USD 0.2 billion) for the comparable 
period of 2023, reflecting a period-on-period increase of 68.1%.6 
● Adjusted Free Cash Flow Margin for the period between 1 January and 29 September 2024 
was approximately 6.4% compared to 4.6% for the comparable period of 2023.7 
We are pioneers in technological innovation with the ability to leverage the reach, 
experience and expertise of Delivery Hero 
● talabat’s technology is the engine that drives the business, supported by over 480 
talented product, design, engineering, and data technologists across its Dubai and Cairo 
tech-hubs.  
● The Company leverages cutting-edge platforms including teams at Delivery Hero, 
alongside select local technologies, to deliver high growth opportunities for Partners, 
earnings potential for riders, and a broad selection, better experience, and value for 
money to customers.  
 
4 This section contains information from the Company’s unaudited interim combined and carve-out financial statements of Delivery 
Hero FZ LLC and the Extended Perimeter Group. All of the information presented in these paragraphs has been reported on a 
combined basis.  
5 Cohort refers to customers grouped by the calendar year in which they first placed an order with talabat 
6 Adjusted Free Cash Flow: Adjusted EBITDA adding changes in working capital (excluding receivables from payment service 
providers and restaurant liabilities) minus capital expenditures, payment of lease liabilities and taxes 
7 Adjusted Free Cash Flow Margin: Adjusted Free Cash Flow divided by GMV. 


===== PAGE 8 =====

 
 
 
● talabat’s machine learning models allow it to introduce and cross-sell verticals, as well 
as initiatives such as talabat pro and talabat Rewards, at the right time for customers to 
benefit from.  
● A deep understanding of customers supports talabat to better understand the next set of 
Partners and deals to introduce in each geography, allowing the Company to seamlessly 
bridge the gap between customer demand and Partner interest. 
● talabat has the ability to leverage the reach, experience and expertise of Delivery Hero to 
enhance its capabilities and benefit from innovation around the world. The Company’s 
access to, and use of, technology owned by Delivery Hero gives it industry-leading 
innovation capabilities and tailored solutions for customers, Partners, and riders. 
We have a passionate and highly experienced management team with a proven execution 
track record  
● talabat’s success to date has been achieved through its experienced management team, 
which is fully dedicated to building the best experience for all constituents of its 
ecosystem. The Company’s management team has over 40 years combined C-suite 
management experience.  
● talabat’s local and regional organisational structure provides significant operational 
leverage and allows the Company to maintain a more efficient selling, general and 
administrative cost base compared to its regional and international peers.  
TALABAT’S STRATEGY 
Our aim is to enhance our product offering and increase market penetration 
We believe that there remains ample room to expand the average number of monthly orders per 
capita through our platform. The way we think about it is simple: there are 90 meal occasions in 
a month – breakfast, lunch, and dinner – 30 days a month.    
We therefore believe that continuing to build out our existing offering will help us support long-
term sustainable growth across our Food Vertical and Groceries and Retail Verticals, pushing us 
forward towards our goal of being the platform of choice for our customers, Partners, and riders.  
We plan to continue to invest in FinTech and Customer Loyalty Programmes 
At talabat, we are continually exploring initiatives to enhance customer engagement, with a 
particular focus on our “FinTech” and customer loyalty offerings.  
We plan to continue investing into our “FinTech” operations by enhancing our payment 
acceptance capabilities both in terms of performance and cost saving, expanding usage of 
talabat Postpaid into existing and new markets. 
We also plan to continue to leverage our extensive loyalty programme and subscription service, 
talabat pro, with a view to increasing order frequency. talabat pro provides benefits such as free 
delivery and exclusive deals for a fixed monthly or yearly fee. This subscription model has proven 
effective in boosting customer engagement and retention, with over 20% increase in order 
frequency amongst talabat pro subscribers for the month of September 2024.  
 


===== PAGE 9 =====

 
 
 
We plan to maintain and enhance the effectiveness of our advertising offerings 
We provide Partners with a range of innovative advertising solutions (“AdTech products”) 
designed to increase their visibility and broaden their customer reach. Our AdTech products have 
demonstrated significant growth, with AdTech products adopted per partner increasing by 20% 
from 2021 to H1 2024. We consider our advertising products to be a beneficial proposition for our 
Partners, which significantly contributed to a reduction in their customer acquisition costs. 
Partners on our platform benefit from sophisticated targeting tools that allow them to reach the 
right customers (i.e., those most likely to generate the best return-on-investment).  
Our plan is to maintain and enhance the effectiveness of our advertising offerings, and we intend 
to continually innovate and develop new features, which include: (i) automation, (ii) targeted 
advertisements, and (iii) algorithmic efficiency. These advancements aim to ensure that our 
advertising solutions remain effective and valuable for our Partners, supporting their growth and 
success within our platform. 
We plan to enter into adjacent product categories  
We are focused on expanding beyond core food delivery services. Our Grocery and Retail Vertical 
has become a significant and rapidly growing part of our operations, showcasing our ability to 
enter and scale new verticals. Leveraging our platform, we are pursuing further diversification. 
Our Grocery and Retail Vertical is a key element of this strategy, meeting the demand for fast 
delivery of everyday essentials and paving the way for growth into additional product categories, 
including beauty and cosmetics, health products, flowers, and pet essentials. 
Additionally, we plan to continue rolling out more tMarts. We believe this aligns with our objective 
of being the platform of choice for our customers. tMarts provide our customers with the 
convenience of ordering groceries and essentials through the same platform they use for 
Restaurant deliveries. 
We intend to pursue targeted investments, acquisitions, and strategic partnerships 
To complement our organic growth strategy, we expect to continue to selectively pursue 
investments and acquisitions that we believe will enhance customer experience, as well as 
solidify and extend our category leadership position, such as our planned acquisition of 
InstaShop. We have pursued a strategy of making strategic alliances with suitable partners (e.g. 
“Zomato” in the UAE and “Otlob” in Egypt), and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We 
intend to focus on investments, acquisitions, and alliances that we believe will enhance the 
experience of existing customers, attract new customers to our platform, and broaden our 
product offerings.  
 
 


===== PAGE 10 =====

 
 
 
PLANNED ACQUISITION OF INSTASHOP 
In September 2024, Delivery Hero and Delivery Hero FZ-LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
talabat, entered into a share purchase agreement (the “InstaShop SPA”) to transfer 100% of the 
share capital of InstaShop Ltd ("InstaShop"), one of the leading online grocery delivery 
marketplaces based in the MENA region acting through its subsidiaries, from Delivery Hero to 
Delivery Hero FZ-LLC.  
The closing of the Instashop acquisition is expected to occur in 2025, subject to the satisfaction 
of certain conditions. The purchase price under the InstaShop SPA is an amount equal to the paid 
in capital and capital reserves of InstaShop and is payable in cash. 
InstaShop, through its subsidiaries, acts as an e-marketplace that connects users with local 
stores. InstaShop, through its subsidiaries, primarily operates in the groceries and retail space in 
the UAE and Egypt, where customers can order groceries, pharmacy products, beauty items, and 
other personal products, with delivery times of approximately 30 minutes. 
KEY FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS8 
AED million 
Year to 31 December 
Period between 1 January and 29 
September 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2024 
GMV 
18,991.8 
22,263.8 
16,303.4  
19,772.5  
Revenue 
6,310.3 
7,987.7 
5,760.9 
7,604.3 
Adjusted EBITDA9 
796.8 
1,180.5 
805.4 
1,315.7 
Adjusted EBITDA Margin10 
4.2% 
5.3% 
4.9% 
6.7% 
Adjusted Net Profit11 
563.7 
944.0 
578.6 
995.0 
Adjusted Net Profit Margin12 
3.0% 
4.2% 
3.5% 
5.0% 
Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
616.9 
1,105.3 
752.6 
1,265.3 
Cash Conversion  
77.4% 
93.6% 
93.4% 
96.2% 
 
-Ends- 
 
 
 
8 This section contains information from the Company’s unaudited interim combined and carve-out financial statements of Delivery 
Hero FZ LLC and the Extended Perimeter Group. All of the information presented in this table has been reported on a combined basis.  
9 Adjusted EBITDA: Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as net profit before current income tax expenses, net finance costs, foreign 
exchange loss, net, depreciation of property and equipment, other non-income tax and non-operating earnings effects. Non-
operating earnings effects include, in particular: (i) expenses from share-based compensation, and (ii) other adjustments 
10 Adjusted EBITDA divided by GMV 
11 Adjusted Net Profit: Adjusted net profit is calculated as net profit excluding (i) foreign exchange income (loss) (mainly related to 
non-cash unrealised foreign exchange loss from shareholder loan liability in Delivery Hero Egypt SAE); and (ii) and interest expense 
on loans and interest income (mainly related to shareholder loans and deposits that will be capitalised prior to Admission). 
12 Adjusted Net Profit divided by GMV 


===== PAGE 11 =====

 
 
 
About talabat 
Since launching in Kuwait in 2004, talabat, the MENA region’s leading on-demand food, grocery and retail 
platform for everyday deliveries, has been offering convenience and reliability to its customers. talabat’s 
local roots run deep, offering a real understanding of the needs of the communities we serve in eight 
countries across the region. We harness innovative technology and knowledge to simplify everyday life for 
our customers, optimise operations for our restaurants and local shops, and provide our riders with 
reliable earning opportunities daily. At talabat, we foster an innovative environment where our talabaty 
employees can strive to create a positive impact across the region through the use of our platform.       
 
MEDIA & INVESTOR RELATIONS ENQUIRIES  
Teneo (Financial Communications Advisor) 
Andy Parnis  
Shady Hamid 
talabat@teneo.com 
 
LISTING ADVISOR 
Emirates NBD Capital PSC 
 
JOINT GLOBAL COORDINATORS 
Emirates NBD Capital PSC  
J.P. Morgan Securities PLC  
Morgan Stanley & Co International PLC  
 
JOINT BOOKRUNNERS 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC 
Barclays Bank PLC 
EFG-Hermes UAE Limited (in conjunction with EFG Hermes UAE LLC) 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
ING Bank N.V.  
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
LEAD RECEIVING BANK 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC  
 
RECEIVING BANKS  
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC  
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC 
Al Maryah Community Bank LLC 
Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC  
 
Mashreq Bank PSC 
Wio Bank PJSC 
 
 
 


===== PAGE 12 =====

 
 
 
Disclaimer 
The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to 
be full or complete. No reliance may or should be placed by any person for any purposes whatsoever on 
the information contained in this announcement or on its completeness, accuracy or fairness. The 
information in this announcement is subject to change. No obligation is undertaken to update this 
announcement or to correct any inaccuracies, and the distribution of this announcement shall not be 
deemed to be any form of commitment on the part of talabat to proceed with the IPO or any transaction or 
arrangement referred to herein. This announcement has not been approved by any competent regulatory 
authority. None of the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners, and/or any of their respective 
subsidiary undertakings, affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors and/or 
agents are responsible for the contents of this announcement. 
This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, or any 
solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for any shares or any other securities nor shall it (or any 
part of it) or the fact of its distribution, form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with or act as an 
inducement to enter into, any contract or commitment whatsoever. Investors should not purchase any 
shares referred to in this announcement except on the basis of information in the International Offering 
Memorandum to be published by talabat in due course in connection with the proposed Admission. The 
IPO and the distribution of this announcement and other information in connection with the IPO in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession this announcement, any 
document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about, and observe, 
any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the 
securities laws of any such jurisdiction. 
In particular, this announcement does not contain or constitute an offer of, or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy or subscribe for, securities to any person in the United States of America, Australia, Canada, South 
Africa, the UAE or Japan, or in any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The 
securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold in the United States of America, except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and in compliance with applicable state law. The offer and sale of the securities referred to 
herein has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the applicable securities 
laws of the United States of America, Australia, Canada, South Africa or Japan. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the securities referred to herein may not be offered or sold in Australia, Canada, South Africa 
or Japan or to, or for the account or benefit of, any national, resident or citizen of Australia, Canada, South 
Africa or Japan. Any securities sold in the United States of America will be sold only to qualified institutional 
buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in reliance on Rule 144A. There will be no public 
offer of the securities in the United States of America or any jurisdiction other than the UAE. Copies of this 
announcement are not being, and should not be, distributed in or sent into the United States of America, 
Australia, Canada, South Africa or Japan. 
In the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), this announcement and this Offering are only addressed to 
and directed at persons in member states of the EEA who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of 
Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) ("EU Prospectus Regulation") (“EU Qualified 
Investors”). In the United Kingdom, this announcement and this Offering are only addressed to and 
directed at persons who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, which forms part of EU retained law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended and together with any statutory instruments made in exercise of the powers conferred by such 
Act, the "EUWA”)) who are also (i) persons having professional experience in matters relating to 
investments who fall within the definition of "investment professional" in Article 19(5) of The Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Order"); (ii) persons 
who are high net worth bodies corporate, unincorporated associations and partnerships and trustees of 
high value trusts as described in Article 49(2) (a) to (c) of the Order; or (iii) other persons to whom it may 


===== PAGE 13 =====

 
 
 
lawfully be communicated (all such persons being referred to as "Relevant Persons"). In the Republic of 
South Africa ("South Africa"), this announcement and this Offering are only addressed to and directed at 
investors who fall within the exemptions set out in section 96(1)(a) or (b) of the South African Companies 
Act, 71 of 2008, as amended (the “South African Companies Act”) ( the "Exempted Institutions"). 
Accordingly, this Offering will not constitute an “offer to the public” or a “secondary offering” (as such term 
is defined in the South African Companies Act). This announcement must not be acted or relied on: (i) in 
any member state of the EEA, by persons who are not EU Qualified Investors; (ii) in the United Kingdom, by 
persons who are not Relevant Persons; and (iii) in South Africa, by persons who are not Exempted 
Institutions. Any securities, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise 
acquire such securities, and any investment activity, to which this announcement relates: (i) in any 
member state of the EEA is available only to, and may be engaged in only with, EU Qualified Investors; (ii) 
in the United Kingdom is available only to, and may be engaged only with, Relevant Persons; and (iii) in 
South Africa is available only to, and may be engaged only with, Exempted Institutions. 
This announcement has not been reviewed, verified, approved and/or licensed by the Central Bank of the 
UAE (the “UAE CB”), the SCA and/or any other relevant licensing authority in the UAE, including any 
licensing authority incorporated under the laws and regulations of any of the free zones established and 
operating in the territory of the UAE, including the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (the “FSRA”), a 
regulatory authority of the  ADGM, the DFSA, a regulatory authority of the Dubai International Financial 
Centre (“DIFC”) or any other authority in any other jurisdiction. 
Exempt offer statement (DIFC): This announcement relates to a potential Exempt Offer which may be made 
in the DIFC in accordance with the DFSA’s Rulebook. It is intended for distribution only to persons of a type 
specified in those rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no 
responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not 
approved this announcement nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it and has no responsibility 
for it. The securities to which this announcement relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on 
their resale. Prospective purchasers and subscribers of the securities referred to herein should conduct 
their own due diligence on the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this announcement, you 
should consult an authorised financial advisor.  
This announcement is for distribution only to persons who: (a) are outside the DIFC; (b) are persons who 
meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.4 of the DFSA Conduct of Business Module; or (c) 
are persons to whom an invitation or inducement in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may 
otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated  (all such persons together being 
referred to as “relevant persons” for the purposes of this paragraph). This announcement is directed only 
at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any 
investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to relevant persons 
and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. 
Exempt Offer Statement (ADGM): This announcement relates to a potential Exempt Offer which may be 
made in accordance with the Market Rules of the FSRA. This announcement is intended for distribution 
only to persons of a type specified in the Market Rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other 
person. The FSRA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt 
Offers. The FSRA has not approved this announcement nor taken steps to verify the information set out in 
it, and has no responsibility for it. The securities to which this announcement relates may be illiquid and/or 
subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the securities referred to herein should 
conduct their own due diligence on the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this 
announcement you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
This announcement is for distribution only to persons who: (a) are outside the ADGM; (b) are Authorised 
Persons or Recognised Bodies (as such terms are defined in the Financial Services and Markets 
Regulations 2015 (“FSMR”)); or (c) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 18 of FSMR) in connection with the issue or sale of any 


===== PAGE 14 =====

 
 
 
securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons 
together being referred to as “relevant persons” for the purposes of this paragraph). This announcement is 
directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant 
persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to 
relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. 
Notice to Prospective Investors in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: This document may not be distributed in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of 
Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Board of the Capital Market Authority (the “Capital 
Market Authority”) pursuant to resolution number 3-123-2017, dated 27 December 2017G, based on the 
Capital Market Law issued by Royal Decree No. M/30 dated 2/6/1424H, as amended by Resolution of the 
Board of the Capital Market Authority number 3-6-2024 dated 17 January 2024G. 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
announcement, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this announcement. Prospective purchasers of the securities referred to herein 
should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If you 
do not understand the contents of this announcement, you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
Solely for the purposes of the product governance requirements of Chapter 3 of the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK Product Governance Requirements”), and/or 
any equivalent requirements elsewhere to the extent determined to be applicable, and disclaiming all and 
any liability, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise, which any “manufacturer” (for the purposes of 
the UK Product Governance Requirements) and/or any equivalent requirements elsewhere (to the extent 
determined to be applicable) may otherwise have with respect thereto, the securities to which this 
announcement relates have been subject to a product approval process, which has determined that such 
securities are: (i) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the 
criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties, each as defined in Chapter 3 of the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook; and (ii) eligible for distribution through all permitted 
distribution channels (the “Target Market Assessment”). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment, 
“distributors” should note that: the price of the securities may decline and investors could lose all or part 
of their investment; the securities offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment 
in the securities to be issued in the Offering is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed 
income or capital protection, who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other 
advisor) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient 
resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without 
prejudice to any contractual, legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Offering. Furthermore, 
it is noted that, notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment, the underwriters will only procure investors 
who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (a) an assessment of 
suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of Chapters 9A or 10A respectively of the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest 
in, or purchase, or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the securities. 
In connection with the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, the Joint Global 
Coordinators and the Joint Bookrunners may, at their discretion, undertake their obligations in connection 
with the potential Offering by any of their affiliates based in the EEA. 
If you do not understand the contents of this announcement you should consult an authorized financial 
advisor. 
None of the Selling Shareholder, talabat, the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners and/or any 
of their respective subsidiary undertakings, affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, 
employees, advisors, agents or any other person(s) accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, 


===== PAGE 15 =====

 
 
 
or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the truth, accuracy, completeness or 
fairness of the information or opinions in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted 
from this announcement) or any other information relating to talabat or associated companies, whether 
written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss 
howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection 
therewith. 
This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning the IPO. The price and value of 
securities and any income from them can go down as well as up and, in the worst case, you could lose your 
entire investment. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. Information in this 
announcement cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. Before purchasing any securities 
in talabat, persons viewing this announcement should ensure that they fully understand and accept the 
risks which will be set out in the UAE Prospectus and the International Offering Memorandum prepared for 
the IPO, when published. There is no guarantee that the IPO will take place and potential investors should 
not base their financial or investment decisions on the intentions of talabat or any other person in relation 
to the IPO at this stage. Potential investors should consult a professional  advisor as to the suitability of the 
IPO for the person(s) concerned. 
This announcement contains “forward looking” statements, beliefs or opinions, including statements with 
respect to the business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategy and 
plans of talabat, and the industry in which talabat operates. These forward looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond talabat’s control and all of which 
are based on talabat’s current beliefs and expectations about future events. Forward looking statements 
are sometimes identified by the use of forward looking terminology such as “believes”, “expects”, “may”, 
“will”, “could”, “should”, “shall”, “risk”, “intends”, “estimates”, “aims”, “plans”, “predicts”, “continues”, 
“assumes”, “positioned” or “anticipates” or the negative thereof, other variations thereon or comparable 
terminology or by discussions of financial condition, prospects, capital resources, strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that 
are not historical facts and involve predictions. Forward looking statements may and often do differ 
materially from actual results. They appear in a number of places throughout this announcement and 
include statements regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of the directors of talabat with 
respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks, uncertainties and 
assumptions relating to the talabat business, concerning, amongst other things, the results of operations, 
financial condition, prospects, growth and strategies of talabat and the industry in which it operates. 
No assurance can be given that such future results will be achieved; actual events or results may differ 
materially as a result of risks and uncertainties facing talabat. Such risks and uncertainties could cause 
actual results to vary materially from the future results indicated, expressed or implied in such forward-
looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as of the 
date of this announcement. The Selling Shareholder, talabat, the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint 
Bookrunners and/or their respective affiliates, expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release 
publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement to 
reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which such 
statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law. 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC and First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC are each authorised and regulated in 
the UAE by the UAE CB and the SCA. Emirates NBD Capital PSC and EFG Hermes UAE LLC are each 
regulated by the SCA. EFG-Hermes UAE Limited is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the 
“DFSA”).  Each of J.P. Morgan Securities PLC, Morgan Stanley & Co International PLC and Barclays Bank 
PLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulatory Authority (the “PRA”) and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and the PRA in the United Kingdom. ING Bank N.V. is supervised and regulated by the 
European Central Bank, authorised and regulated by the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank or 
DNB) and regulated by the Dutch Authority for Financial Markets. Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE is 
authorised and supervised by the European Central Bank and the German Federal Financial Supervisory 


===== PAGE 16 =====

 
 
 
Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (“BaFin”).  UniCredit Bank GmbH is regulated 
by BaFin.  
The Joint Global Coordinators and the Joint Bookrunners are acting exclusively for the Company and no-
one else in connection with the Offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in 
relation to the Offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company  for providing the 
protections afforded to their respective clients, nor for providing advice in relation to the Offering, the 
contents of this announcement or any transaction, arrangement or other matter referred to herein. 
In connection with the Offering, each of the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners, and any of 
their affiliates, may take up a portion of the Shares in the Offering as a principal position and in that capacity 
may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell for their own accounts such shares and other securities of talabat 
or related investments in connection with the Offering or otherwise. Accordingly, references in the 
International Offering Memorandum, once published, to the shares being issued, offered, subscribed, 
acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, 
acquisition, placing or dealing by, each of the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners and any of 
their affiliates acting in such capacity. In addition, certain of the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint 
Bookrunners or their affiliates may enter into financing arrangements (including swaps or contracts for 
differences) with investors in connection with which they or their affiliates may from time to time acquire, 
hold or dispose of shares. None of the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners or any of their 
respective affiliates intends to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than 
in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so. 
